Hello Meltdown. How are you tonight? Just as I expected. Guess what? Harmontown is
session, but not just any Harmontown. This is our 50th episode. Wow. It seems like only
yesterday for the very first time I announced the mayor of Harmontown. Welcome to the stage for the
50th time. Dan Harmon. Your comptroller, Jeff Davis. Wow. 49, 49 times before now. I never thank
you enough. Thank you. You thank me simply by being my friend, Dan. That's all I need from you.
That's good. That's good to know. All right. Please, ma'am, would you please have a seat. It's my
girlfriend. Always late. How many episodes in was your girlfriend, do you think? I have a terrible
memory. Not for all 50 for sure. No way, right? Oh, so this is not 50 Harmontown. It's 50 podcast
episodes. Yeah, we've been doing this for 17 years. Yeah. Yeah, there was a whole phantom zone. We
still have like all these things. We kept we keep threatening to release like archives of the old
recordings before we even thought this would be a podcast. Yeah, but we sound all young. And we'd be
talking about Beetlejuice. We still talk about Beetlejuice. Back then, we were talking about it
because it was just about to come out though. We got we got a lot of stuff to do. Hey, oh, here's
item number one on the docket. I'm assuming I wouldn't ask this of any other audience. I feel like
if there's 100 people here, the answer might be as a 2% chance of being yes. Does anyone have a
five hour energy? Okay, all right. Does anyone have a 20-sided die? Yes. Okay, see, all right. It's
still my crowd. Still my crowd. Yeah, I'm feeling a little sluggish, but I'm going to force a manic
behavior. I listened to the episodes. Jeff, I like the ones where I'm manic. I don't like the
depressive ones. Why don't we send somebody off to the liquor store down the road and get them?
They'll miss the show. They come here and they want to see it, but that portion of the show is
going to be shitty. The depressive portion. Yeah. Wow. Wait, come up here, Sarah. Come up here. A
gentleman just came on stage, handed Dan what he referred to as an off-brand five hour energy. Is
that why you didn't say yes when I asked for a five hour energy? I wasn't sure if I had in my bag,
because I just flew and I wasn't sure if I had it in there. What's your name, Sarah? I'm Chris
Dunford. Chris Dunford, all right. Fake name. Totally my real name. Justin Town to do some
raping and using my ID from Denmark. This is Grape Kirkland energy shot. Should we do a commercial
for it? Grape Kirkland energy shot. The number one energy drink among anonymous rapists. Hi. That's
a fact. I'm not like Baldwin for what's it called? Grape Kirkland energy shot. For real? Yeah. Dan's
trying it. Does it taste just as shit as five hour energy? Yeah, it tastes better. That means it's
probably working less. It tastes good. Yeah, this only lasts at this point 20 minutes and then I'll
drop dead. I keep compiling these. I've adopted these in place of Adderall. Street Adderall. And
what was your name again? Barry Dunflings? Chris Dunford. Chris Dunford. And where do you hail
from, Chris? I'm from Boston area. Yeah. Yeah. And what brings you out to Harmontown? Well,
my grandma's 80th birthday this week. It sounds so fake. It sounds so fake. Not a trace of a Boston
accent. Chris Dunford from Boston. It's my grandma's 80th birthday. I enjoy potatoes and
skateboarding. I swear to God, I'm not working for area 51. I can neither confirm or deny that.
So your grandmother passed away in Los Angeles? No, she's 80 today. She did the opposite of
passed away. She lived for 80 years. Unless things have changed. Guys, I brought you a lot of
Colombo. I was trying to catch him in a line. One more thing. What's your grandma's funeral?
Oh, Tuesday. I don't know why I said, you know, Chris, one thing bothers me. If she's 80, why are
you burying her? No, I'm not passing it. Although one thing alarms me. I think I drank one of
these three hours ago. For real? Let's see what happens. But a different brand. Different brands.
It's okay. Yeah, you can mix. So Chris, you're visiting from Boston to see your still alive
80 year old grandmother. That is correct. Yes. That you plan on murdering soon. Right now,
is she being killed by Ray Malend? And this is to establish your alibi? This is all about alibi
establishment, isn't it? That would have been a really good idea, actually. But no, I don't believe
so. I've been watching too much Colombo, you guys. What was the movie I just saw? It was a
Kevin Costner movie, Mr. Collins. What was this? Mr. Brooks, yeah. Like, what if the way he looked
right now was all an elaborate disguise? Like, underneath that, he's Seth Rogen, and he's gonna...
Kevin Costner, like, at one point, to get his daughter out of a murder charge, he boards a
plane, puts on a fake goatee, and has kind of a long mullet wig and a denim jacket, goes and
hatchet murders someone, comes back. Spoilers. Yeah, I was about to say. Spoiler alert on that.
Hey, here's another general spoiler. If Kevin Costner's in it, oh boy. Careful. Bull Doron,
man. Bull Doron's a clown. Bull Doron was a clown. Tin Cup. Tin Cup is a goodie. Yeah. I just,
I finally saw it. I finally saw it. Yeah. We had a little Kevin Costner marathon. It's a golf
movie with Kevin Costner and Renee Rousseau. There's no way you're gonna like that movie. That's
got everything. There's no way you're gonna watch it. No, no. Here's the thing. It's profound.
It's all about... Don Johnson is an awesome bad guy in it. Don Johnson's agents in the audience.
That's the third time he's said that tonight. He just finished saying it at a pizzeria down
the street. Here's your pepperoni. You forgot about Don Johnson. Hey, look, I'm not paid to
remember him. It's a profound sports movie. It's not a good movie in a strictest sense.
Well, it's Kevin Costner's movie. I love the position you've been put in. You're sitting here
nodding about Tin Cup. I just love the homogeneity of the people we bring on stage. Any one of you
could be harmony. Chris, how was your trip to Los Angeles? Was it wicked retarded? Hold my wicked
hand. Don't be retarded. Come in. My grandma's actually not from Boston. Oh, okay. I was born
in LA, but... All right. Well, okay. Throw me out of the bus. Tin Cup's fucking good, Chris. Chris,
is it Chris? It's a philosophically profound sports movie. It comes down to going for it or
laying up. I really identified with the Kevin Costner character. He loves going for it. He's
self-destructive. He's impulsive. I can't spoil the movie. You have to watch the whole thing.
Right when it comes down to that last moment when he's in the US Open. Don't spoil it for real.
I defy you, too, if you've never seen that movie, to write the end of that movie better than they
write the end of that movie. I defy you to write a sports movie and try to get your way around the
idea that in the third act of a sports movie, either the people that you love have to win or
lose. And if they lose, it's a fucking bad movie because you love them, so why would they lose?
Or they have to win, in which case it's a shitty movie because you knew they were going to win.
There's only a couple movies that get around that, and obviously Teen Wolf is one. Are you
saying Teen Wolf is mostly a basketball film? It definitely is. How many minutes of that movie
are spent with anyone being a werewolf? Well, all the basketball minutes, and then some other ones,
too. A lion's share of that movie is basketball. It doesn't matter. Who cares? It's hitting me.
I saw a tweet today, a fun fact that Kirkland County's with of Grape Shot is hitting me.
Somebody fun fact that on Twitter that Space Jam that we really got into last week is the number
one basketball film of all time. By what metric? Money? By your precious money? I don't doubt it.
It's certainly box office. When you pull together all the fucking duckets, like exchange, plush
Bugs Bunny's holding basketballs on Universal City Walk. Who cares? It's vile. It's a vile
practice. Make a good movie. Gene Hackman from Hoosiers is here tonight. I thought that was my,
what's the guy from the Scrooge story? Jacob Marley? I thought I could only hear that clav.
It's my dad in the back. Way to go, Harmon. Way to let Space Jam have it. This is what your
careers come to. Sticking it to Space Jam. We got a lot to do. What's your name, Curtis?
Armstrong? Look. Some like that. Carl. Carl. Carl's bad, Kevin? Chris Dunford. Chris Dunford.
Thank you so much for giving me a shot of Kirkland's energy now infused with grape. It says
down here 10%, 10% less MSG. 2% of all proceeds go to the defense of the perimeter of our compound
by the Mormons, the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints. Huh. Chris Humford,
Robin, everybody. Can I say one thing real quick? Oh yeah, yeah, yeah. Of course. Say whatever you
want. Since she's in the audience, Genevieve, you got robbed. You should have been the King of the
Nerd. Oh yeah. That's foreshadowing. Genevieve, you got robbed. Remember that phrase. Sorry about
that. Chris Humford. Thank you, brother. Well, that was a good segue. I think Chris made an
appropriate segue. The reason he said that is because there's someone in the audience that I
invited down to the show. But I don't want to do what I usually do, which is we bring up a guest
and then I spend so much time talking that people get uncomfortable because the person's
sitting there. So let me just say a few things about why we're having her up here. Last night,
and you promised when she gets up here, she's going to do all the talking. It's going to be a
fucking cold ass interview, man. Cool as a cucumber, man. You're going to be like,
is Carson's ghost leaving his... Well, you'll figure it out. You'll figure out how to express your
wonderment. I don't think I should have had that five hours ago. Dan, you don't look so good.
What are articles about it killing teenagers or something? Yeah, yeah. I'm going to die. It was
invented by the Viet Cong. You know, all the things we thought would kill me. It'll be weird.
An assassin with a fake name comes on stage and gives you some homemade shit with a fake
label on a re... Kirkland. When he left, he's gone. The guy actually is not here anymore.
Yeah, he's not here. And he has a fake name. Hold on a second. Whoa, dear Christ. Harmon accidentally
took a shirt off and now is committed to the bit. What is going on? Dan, you know what? You look 50
episodes thinner. Thank you. It's just a little hot from energy. I think it's increased blood flow
in your capillary network. You might be in some need of medical assistance. I think I was before
and I finally got it. This is what it feels like to be alive. I'm just waking up. I'm like Robert
DeNiro in Awakening. I'm like, whoa, whoa, popsicles are interesting. Freaking out. Put me back. Put
me back. Let's bring her up. You haven't said anything about it. You intend to use your
cracky, fake, generic energy drink brain to fucking never let her get a word in. I'm teeing up a
theatrical moment. I'm observing the, you know. All right. So last night, Erin McGathy, my girlfriend,
and live-in lover. I don't know why she landed on this. She landed on this TBS series, this
reality show called King of the Nerds. It's a reality show. It's very, very straight up the
middle structurally. It exactly follows the template of every reality show. But finally,
instead of like, who's the hottest? What's up with titties? Who wants to marry a midget? Suck a
nut. Joe Middle Road. It's like all variations on the people that you hang out with at your
tenure reunion. Like, what if they got to write a show? Well, there would be no writers. We'd do
that thing. Remember the mall that went down? Oh, the mall. Friendliest mall. Eliminations. It was
interesting because it's like, it's nerds. They literally, they called it King of the Nerds. They
gathered what they claim to be like the best of the nerds of the country. They eliminate one,
perhaps a standard reality show. Do they answer the question, what's up with titties? I'm ignoring
that. A manic. A manic from the energy. You're fucking losing your cool. This is what we wanted.
It's hosted and it was executive produced, so I think they probably took it out and pitched it,
which makes me feel a lot better about it. Curtis Armstrong, a.k.a. Booger from Revenge of the
Nerds and Robert Carradine, a.k.a. Lewis, was that his name? Yeah, from Revenge of the Nerds. The
main nerd. It's hosted and executive produced by them and then they gather these nerds and they
have nerd competitions and they eliminate nerds. So, but here's the interesting thing about it
to me. So, I sit in bed with, last night with my girlfriend. She surfs through the ether sphere.
She finds this show, King of the Nerds, we watch in the span of three and a half hours,
we watch the entire eight episode run of the first season. We watch the entire thing. We got
nothing to do. It's Sunday night. Fuck it. I sit there and play Minecraft while I'm watching it.
We watch the whole thing and at the end of it, we're like, oh, I hope that girl wins. Like,
oh, she didn't win. Spoilers. And then Erin goes, oh, she's following you on Twitter. I tweet her,
hey, me and Erin think you should have won. Oh, thank you. Hey, if you're ever in LA by a drink,
hey, I live in the valley. Hey, you want to be on my show? Okay, yeah, see you tomorrow night.
In the span of 12 hours, this is either Rupert Murdoch's greatest nightmare or his master plan.
I can't figure out which, but I know that reality has changed and I know that it has nothing to
do with reality television, but the television is being made differently, consumed differently.
It's interesting. My agent didn't call her agent. She's a fantasy author. She was one of the nerds.
She made it all the way almost to the very end and really, really had an incredible, interesting
hero's journey. You can buy her books and stuff. We'll let her plug them when she comes up here.
This is my introduction of her. Roses are red. Guests are blue. Please welcome Genevieve Pearson.
Hello.
Sorry, I had an energy drink and then I had another one.
I noticed that. That's like me on my seventh Diet Coke. Yeah.
You just reached this tipping point where everything goes by in a blur.
So, and help yourself to, yeah, help yourself to vodka.
So, all right, there's a million questions I want to ask you. We'll probably have to get it down to like eight.
I want to talk about...
I don't see why we can't do a million. That seems logically feasible to me.
What a nerd.
An infinite dimension.
To me, on the top of my line, I'm sure there's people in the audience who actually watched season one of this show
and actually would have a million questions about, what's up with Alana? What's up with so-and-so?
I think the most important thing to talk about, because I've never really talked to someone intimately
that went through this whole sausage factory called Reality Television,
which for now, it's going on 20 years. We've developed this thing.
But I feel like I have to give you a specific question about it.
I can't just go, hey, talk about...
Take us from the mouth to the anus of this monster through eight episodes.
But, okay, well, here's a specific question.
How long does it take from...
So, you show up, like, is it like boot camp where you bring luggage and you show up and...
Yeah, so what happened with me is I found out I was in the top 16 and only 11 people are going to go on the show.
But you have to show up for the final audition with everything as though you are going on the show.
And so they spend a weekend in what I call, we all called, hotel jail.
You don't see anybody. You don't interact with anyone.
If you go around, you have to wear a blindfold because they don't want you to run into another contestant.
You can't have any clue what's going on.
Wait, what is the... I don't understand the reasoning for that.
Because they don't want to spoil the surprise and they want everything to be genuine while you're doing your final audition.
What's the surprise at that point when there's 16 people and five of them aren't going to be on the show?
What could they possibly spoil?
They...
That curtain is on.
Armstrong is walking around the hallway.
Well, they just don't want you to know who else is going to be on the show.
Period.
They want you coming in very blind.
They want the genuine emotion that you have when you first meet somebody.
Oh, okay.
If you already met them and had formed an opinion, even if it was just happening in the hallway.
That's what they're going for.
That was the first weekend and then from there, you don't have any contact with anybody you know or love.
Your husband, who we just met before the show, Paul.
Paul?
At a certain point, he goes into shadow lock.
He's sequestered like a jury.
He left me at the hotel and that's the last he heard from me until I was done with the entire show.
Which is what span of time?
One full month.
Wow.
That's crazy.
So one month with no contact with the outside world at all.
No, you're not allowed to tweet text, email.
No internet, no email, no nothing.
Do they confiscate your...
Yes, they confiscated all of our electronic devices.
Just like living in the 20th century.
They took my candle.
They took my candle and I just about cried, I thought.
They took your candle?
There's no way to...
No, they thought maybe I could hack it.
You could hack it because you're a nerd, right?
That makes sense.
We're going to have to crack down on these N-words.
Nerds, nerds.
Just because it starts with N doesn't mean you can't say it.
I love N-word Reagan, the first lady during the 80s.
She was a nice one.
And she's one of the nice ones, but by that I mean first ladies.
How did you not win the show?
I'm saying to her, how did you not win?
Well, because at the end of it...
And I'm sorry, this interview is going to involve spoilers.
You can't just go watch...
Are you allowed to do that?
Can you talk about the show on a podcast?
It's already aired.
The reason is because they did it survivor style where it gets down to the last two people
and the final decision is based on popular vote among the people that have all lost.
They all come back and they all go, remember me, sucker?
And then they, you know, it's come on, it's unfair because you went to three, like, nerd offs.
Nerd offs, yeah.
Which is like the, you know, that's like the dog pit where you send people that you hope get eliminated
to rip out the throats.
It's like the gladiator battle of the death.
And so three times she was sent there and three times you watch her have to cope with areas outside her
nerd expertise and kind of adapt.
And it's very, very lovable.
And there's a great, my favorite moment of the show of the first season is after the debate
where you did a fantastic job of debating.
They had a competition where they had to debate about comic book characters.
And Genevieve shut down this guy that, you know, like he accidentally called Frank Miller John Miller
or something like that.
You corrected him.
First of all, it's Frank Miller.
But your argument was more cogent.
It was more deserving of win.
Kevin Smith, who was one of the celebrity judges, goes like, first of all, you got to give props to a chick
who can shut a guy down and call him Frank Miller.
But at the same time, you know, you know, got to give it to him.
He edged you out.
At a distant point, like Genevieve, her face is in a pillow.
Her head's not on camera.
All you can see is her hair.
Afterwards, by the way.
And two fellow contestants sitting on her bed.
And you just see Genevieve's head buried in a pillow.
And it has to be subtitled because it's a sob ease.
And the subtitles say, stupid Kevin Smith.
And then sob, sob, and then I thought he was supposed to be cool.
It's so great, so human.
And it's so much more merciful to him than he was to you because, I mean, you can't follow up.
You got to give props to a chick with not giving her the point.
Because otherwise that's sexist because you just said, you saw her as a chick.
She has to win.
You have to, if you say, good job, Toots.
And it's backed me on the ass.
You can't follow it up with, but I love guys.
Like, you can barely get away with it.
Good job, Toots.
You got moxie.
You're hired.
You know, you've got to, we've at least gotten there.
Was he still wearing that douchey hockey jersey that he's always wearing?
Oh, yes he was.
Yeah, so.
Hey, hockey jersey.
That's enigma.
Return to innocence.
That's been on your mind lately.
I love that song.
Okay, so a month.
And how much do you get paid while you're working for a month off the grid while your husband may or may not get 9-11?
And you wouldn't be allowed to know.
We wouldn't.
Because it's not on your Kindle.
And even if it was, you're not even allowed to see it there.
Yeah, we couldn't contact anyone.
Okay, so I'm not, I have an NDA.
I'll say that we got a per diem.
And it was a meal per diem of $25 for three meals a day.
So you could do the math.
And that was the total.
We didn't technically get paid.
Okay.
Because it was a game show, but we got a per diem.
Wait, you didn't get paid.
You're not allowed to say that?
Well, it was a game show.
So we're not being paid as actors.
Oh, of course, paying it would be unethical.
If they paid us as actors, if they paid us as people who are performers, then we would be admissible to SAG or another guilt.
But you knew when you signed up that you were going to be on the show for a month and possibly only get meals paid for that entire time.
Did it, was I aware?
I honestly, I thought it was going to be like Survivor, where the longer you lasted, the more prize money you got.
You didn't know that you could just be there for a full month, go right to the wire and then come home and then zip.
I think they told us about two weeks beforehand what it was going to be.
And at that point, it's like, oh, okay.
Hey, guess what?
Loving husband.
Now I'm in the final 16.
Oh, let's take the dignity option where we're just like, yeah, of course, you have to go through that.
What's the grand prize?
What did the winner take home?
100,000.
100,000 beans.
Which, I mean, I'm biased.
This is from my unique perspective, but what?
That's a prize?
100%.
Return to innocence indeed.
I mean, I gotta...
I guess teak patio furniture is getting up there.
Yeah, $100,000 is a lot of money.
Will Phil agree that you want to put on your cupcakes?
It doesn't come cheap.
Oh, man.
My electric bill.
I should start a reality show where I just have people come over and just like, I don't know,
bring flashlights and compete for the right to light my life.
And then I give the winner $100,000 after a year of doing that.
I'd make a profit on what I saved in light bulbs.
What do you, Caesar Augustus?
Not by choice, man.
Not by choice.
Yeah, no, it's become a choice.
What am I supposed to do?
You're choosing to make slaves out of people.
Well, oh, no, I'm not really doing that.
But no, but if you're paying them, then they're not technically saying.
He's not going to pay these fuckers.
He says it's going to be a game show.
It's a prize.
I'm giving a prize.
I can't pay them, Genevieve.
They're on a game show.
Oh, okay.
My hands are tight.
Actually, technically, so are theirs, but that's just part of the rules.
What are you willing to do to be on TV?
So, I don't want to be guilty of the crime of letting you go without, like, is there
anybody in the audience who has a question, not specifically about the show, or just anybody,
raise your hand if you're really burning, like, a question to ask Genevieve, like, whether
it's about reality TV in general or the show.
Someone's raising their hand back there.
Erin McGathy to the stage.
Erin McGathy is at the last minute as far as I'm concerned.
So, everybody that watches reality shows knows that there's two components to it.
Basically, there's this sort of pseudo coverage of everything that's happening, and then you're
constantly cutting to these VH1 talking heads against a green screen.
And they seem relevant, because if you guys were in costumes, then you're in the same
costume, and that's probably not faked, because also emotionally, like, very often, people
are crying in those talking heads.
So, when do those happen, and how do they get you into that slaughterhouse?
Well, so, what happens is, first of all, I don't know how other reality shows are.
I felt a lot of ours was honest to the spirit of the drama.
Honestly, they have to edit a lot out, and everything gets changed, but the spirit of
what happened was pretty honest overall.
However, for the talking heads, that was a sort of frustrating situation for me, because
when I realize this, I'm a person who gets really focused on something, right?
I'll be working, and I'll be focused in on this, and at some point, they realize that
if we pull Genevieve out when she's really focused on something, we get really great
off-cuff comments, because I'm so snappy, I want to get back to work.
So, I start getting really snappish and kind of proud of you.
Can we do a thing?
Let me be you, and you be, like, is it like a producer with a clipboard that pulls you
out?
Can we do a talking to Genevieve?
Yes, I can do this.
Okay, all right, so I'm Genevieve.
Okay, now do you want a moment in the show, or do you want me to do, like, we're here
in Genevieve?
You're catching me at a moment when I'm Genevieve, and I'm writing a fantasy novel.
Dan and Aaron, you guys do a scene, like, you're in the kitchen talking about stuff,
and then Genevieve will pull you out as a producer, Dan.
Okay.
When it happens, they pull you right out.
No, well, yes, for the most part, something happens.
Like, let's say you have a drama, and you have a fight with somebody.
Okay.
After that fight, the second it's resolved, there's somebody there going, come on.
Okay, okay, okay.
We're going to go talk about this right now.
All right, so we'll start from, I'm doing dishes, washing a dish.
Well, are we going to do a real scene?
Yeah.
I'm Genevieve.
Yeah, that's fine.
You guys, Jesus Christ.
Dan and Aaron, just for the sake of this experiment, just try to manufacture a conflict between
the two of you.
Just manufacture a conflict.
Yes.
Yeah.
Just strictly for entertainment purposes.
She broke a dish.
Go.
Oh, I broke it.
Okay, that's good.
Okay.
Was it broken?
This is my special Batman dish that I brought.
I'm sorry.
I just, I'm sorry.
Well, were you going to wait for me to find out that it was broken?
When did you know it was broken?
No, I don't know.
I just didn't want you to get upset with me.
Okay.
CG dick.
Well, Patrick, I only brought one dish.
We're being Dan and Aaron.
What?
Well, Jeff is giving a certain direction.
He just labeled you Patrick though.
Okay, fine.
Fine.
I'm Aaron.
I'm your girlfriend.
Jeff just, here's what happened, Dan.
So now we can talk about this.
What the fuck is going on?
Jeff wanted us to...
Genevieve, just pull them out of their real lives and give them a fucking...
Okay.
This is me giving him the hand signal.
Oh, okay.
All right.
And now you never talk again.
Okay.
Hey.
Wow.
Hey, Dan.
How are you feeling right now?
I'm frustrated just because of the broken dish thing.
Also, I didn't understand what the fuck anyone was doing.
Okay.
Well, will you tell me what happened?
Well, I had agreed at the forefront that we were going to do like a reenactment.
Wait, wait, wait.
Let me stop you there.
Can you say it in the present tense, please?
All right, right, right, right.
I'm agreeing to do a thing that's like a reenactment of a reality show.
I want to play Genevieve.
And then other people are piping up with their comedy.
And it's just a little frustrating because no one's listening.
There's not a lot of listening going on.
I'm supposedly on stage with professional improvisers.
Okay.
So you're telling me nobody's listening.
Can you say that in a more concise way?
Nobody's listening.
I don't know.
Hello, hello.
Nobody's listening.
Okay, okay.
That's great.
Now, can I take you back to this morning?
When you and Aaron, I'm going to remind you that you and Aaron were having breakfast.
Yeah.
And she took your eggs.
I saw her reach over and grab something off of your plate.
Now, how did you feel that?
You saw that?
How did you feel?
I mean, I thought it was weird.
Wait, wait, wait.
I didn't mind at the time.
I didn't mind.
Wait, wait, wait.
Can you say the question while you're answering?
When Aaron took my eggs, I didn't think it was a big deal.
So that didn't bother you?
Well, I mean, I guess it could have bothered me.
You don't think that?
When Aaron took my eggs, it seemed like it could have bothered me.
Okay.
So you don't think maybe it was indicative of the fact that she doesn't respect you as
a partner?
Sure, I guess so.
Oh, sorry, sorry.
Yeah.
Okay.
All right.
I'm sorry.
Yeah, just restate the whole thing.
When Aaron took my eggs, I felt like it was indicative of her not respecting me as a partner.
We'll be right back.
Very nice.
Wow.
All right.
Well, Genevieve, you're a fantasy author.
I want to be able to plug your stuff because...
I have a series of books called The Song of the Silver Tongue series on Amazon, Genevieve
and right now I have a Kickstarter for HobbyCon 2014 in Pasadena, California.
So if you have a hobby or craft you want to show off...
HobbyCon.
It's like an all-inclusive hobby convention.
It's like a grassroots pre-GenCon...
Yeah, it's awesome.
It's for anybody who's a nerd or a doer if you like to knit or paint more hammers, 40K.
Anybody who likes to do stuff, this is like your Olympics.
All right.
HobbyCon and look for Genevieve Pearson.
Google the name.
She's got two books she's very proud of and one that she's fine with.
Yeah.
And she should have won.
Thank you Genevieve.
Thanks for coming down.
Thank you so much for having me.
All right, let's work it out now on stage.
I don't want to...
It's not a big deal.
Jeff suggested that we played ourselves and simulated a fight in Genevieve.
I didn't say that.
I said that.
I was saying, I used you guys' names to set up the thing.
Oh, I see.
I thought, well, then I misunderstood.
I'm sorry.
A lot of mixed signals.
Look, I'm not here to make friends.
I'm here to win.
That's another theme in reality shows.
Every single person alternating, but when they're on top of the game, they're like,
it's not business.
It's personal or...
I'm sorry.
That's what I would do.
I'd be like, I don't care about winning, who said they didn't like me?
So Genevieve, when you were up here right now pretending to be a producer and you got
in the middle of that conflict, how did you feel about that?
I'm feeling a lot of stress right now because I don't like having to mediate between a couple.
Okay, can you make that more succinct?
I'm feeling a lot of stress having to mediate between Dan and Aaron right now because I'm
in a healthy relationship and I just feel really bad.
That was good.
Can you say it again, be a little more succinct and also add something racist into it?
Well, I can tell that Aaron has a fiery Irish temper and that's why she is having such a hard time.
We'll be right back.
Genevieve Pearson.
Wow, we got to the bottom of the...
That's what I was hoping we could talk about is the reality show source code.
Let's make it an open source project.
You at home can make your own reality show now with that source code.
All right, let's bring to the stage Kumeil Nanjiani.
Hi.
That is the most rock and roll face anyone's ever made to this song.
Kumeil Nanjiani.
I love that song.
I'm going to call out your name next time I'm making love.
Is it to me?
No.
I like the sound.
Kumeil Nanjiani.
That's actually what I do.
I say, you've been Nanjiani.
You know what's weird is who else does that?
Ben Stein.
And it's not Ben Stein.
Also weird, I yell out Kumeil.
What were you like?
Kumeil Nanjiani.
Enigma, 1995.
You know all that reality talk is interesting because I just watched it.
I'd never seen it, the first season of Real World.
They were re-hearing it.
And I just watched it and it's sort of the first reality show.
And it's so interesting to watch a reality show where the people don't have like reality show personalities yet.
Where they weren't raised on reality.
Yeah, and they're just sort of being themselves and it was a very positive thing.
You watch them discover the flint rock of eliminating the black guy.
Exactly.
Like you watch them go like, oh, Kuan is very antagonistic.
You notice that too?
And then afterwards you watch them institutionally.
What if you did a show where they had to eliminate the black guy?
It's totally amazing because it's exactly that.
It's stuff that happens sort of organically when there's still cameras.
But then later they're like, alright, we gotta do this.
At the end of the season, they just decide to grab all the cameras and start interviewing the interviewers.
And it's a very real organic moment.
But I bet at some point they were like, alright, okay.
What you guys do now is you have to pretend that we don't know when you come and steal the cameras from us.
I'm like the forest gump of reality TV because in the 90s, I remember,
I remember being in Milwaukee in the 90s when they were starting to talk about how they're going to make this show.
They're making this show for MTV, which was still a channel where they showed music videos.
It was like they had some butt-head and they had some other stuff, but it was still largely like,
we were all making jokes like, put some music videos on.
But the joke was because they were still supposed to make music television.
And they were working on this thing and it was called The Real World.
And the whole idea was that these kids were living in this house and there was going to be cameras everywhere.
And it was ironic. It was ironic.
Everyone that had heard about the idea was like, what does that mean?
If there's cameras everywhere, then they're like, no, what they're doing is they're going to have the cameras everywhere
and they're not even going to have film in them right away and they're just going to get used to it.
They're going to get so used to it.
And it was like this whole thing, it was introduced like this Kubrickian experiment.
It's such a crazy thing that it was crazy back then and now we're like, yeah.
It was crazy.
And so then there was a point, so flash forward to me in Los Angeles, Thanksgiving.
I just moved.
Schrab was there.
I was there.
I'm sitting at Thanksgiving because we had no family in LA.
I'm sitting at my agent's house for Thanksgiving.
I'm sitting next to this weird little Australian guy.
And I go, so what are you working on?
He goes like, oh, I'm working on a reality show.
It's been big in Europe.
Might shrimp with a Barbie, whatever.
I think it was Australia or something.
I don't know, whatever.
It sounds like it might have been death.
I'm almost reasonably certain, like piecing together the evidence.
I haven't specified.
I choose to believe it was Mark Burnett that I was talking to.
Is he Australian?
I don't know.
But it seems like the easiest thing to find out.
I don't want to because I don't want to know.
Yes, he is.
Okay.
So sometimes people go, I think you were sitting next to Mark Burnett because I was at my agent's house.
That's amazing.
She was a hot shot.
I was sitting next to this guy with this accent and he was telling me about the show, the reality show.
And he goes like, yeah, it's huge in Europe.
They put everybody on an island and then they eliminate, this was the elimination thing was becoming like a thing.
And I was like, what the fuck?
That sounds insane.
But wouldn't they just eliminate, how would that work?
And he goes, no, but they eliminate the strong people first and then the middle of the road people kind of take over.
But more than that, they're also like eating each other alive and they're having sex with each other.
And I was like, that's going to be a hit.
I said it, I said it.
Give me my money.
You said that's going to be a hit?
Yeah.
You totally are though because wait, wait, turn it off.
Then I'm sitting in my apartment.
My girlfriend at the time calls me.
She was a studio executive.
She calls me and she would use to call me after a day at work.
She would call me from the office because people would pitch her shows and she would go, oh, hey, like, what am I, like, I got to talk to my writer boyfriend.
I got to get some release from this insane industry.
On the heels of survivor, the world is exploding, everything's changing.
I remember talking to her from my one bedroom apartment.
That was your tipping point for the world changing with survivor?
I thought you were going to say 9-11.
I mean, did 9-11 not happen yet?
Oh, right.
Okay, we're 9-11.
It's survivor times.
You realize Alcana did what they did because of reality TV?
I guess that's right.
Do you know that they said, like, oh, I know how we, obviously, we can look...
I hope this story ends with you meeting an 8-year-old Kim Kardashian.
Where she's like, oh, I'm never going to be anything.
You're like, you can be whatever you want to be.
And then you gave her the confidence to be horrible.
My girlfriend called me up.
My girlfriend called me up and she said, she would call me up every once in a while and she'd go, I just heard a pitch for this show.
Buckle up.
You ready for this?
These people, they're on an alien planet and, you know, one of the guys is in a wheelchair and the gravity is weird.
So every once in a while he can walk.
And I'd go, later lost would have a character like that.
But she calls me up and she goes like, so listen to this.
So this is a pitch I just heard for a reality show.
A man who's rich, he doesn't have a wife, but he's rich.
So all the women compete to be his wife because he needs a wife so bad.
And I'm like 20 whatever-year-old Dan Harmon going like, I'm saying in response to hearing this concept.
I'm going, fuck you.
No fucking way.
I can't go there.
It's impossible.
Marriage?
The institution of marriage?
This is before who wants to fuck a midget.
Literally, for me.
Everything just exploded like a mushroom cloud to the point where one day you were allowed to be like frazzled by any of it.
And then the next day everyone had beaten you to the punch.
It's pretty impressive because I just read a thing today that said how marriage, people are getting married less and less.
Almost 50% of kids, something's happening.
Nothing. It's fine. I tipped my calf.
It's not being clumsy.
It said 50% of kids born or born out of wedlock.
And I think part of the reason people aren't getting married, the sanctity of marriage, whatever that means.
Because they want to be romantic.
But I think because of things like bachelor and stuff, because it has cheapened that thing so much.
It makes it feel like you're kind of a sucker. We're moving into a weird Logan's Run universe where we have three life cycles or something.
Where you go like, oh, who's your first wife? Who's your second wife? Who's your third wife?
Yeah, when I got married, I got married pretty young and I told my friends and they literally were like, why?
That was literally their reaction.
How old were you when you got married?
I got married. I got married.
I know you guys have several weddings.
Yeah, we've had several weddings.
Oh, because you're from Pakistan? Is that a thing?
Because they love weddings.
Okay.
Somehow, even though it's racist, you are accurate.
Hi!
Well, because you're...
I'm assuming your gods have eight heads.
So eight weddings, one for each head.
I, Kumar of the North Plains, am sanctifying this marriage.
Okay, now we have to go to the Western Territory.
I, Aesop.
I lower my sword.
One wedding for each stereotype, so we have to do one for the cab driving god and one for the sun god.
I, Shaloub of the cab.
I declare this wedding...
Good reference. Holy shit.
It changed. Amazing.
Shaloub of the checker gods.
Oh, yeah.
I, of the Big Bang Theory, the 30...
Basinga!
The Fisher Stevens god.
This short circuit is complete.
By the circuits of Johnny Fine.
Oh, my God.
No, this is why, because we first got married in secret,
like, just me and her and a couple of our friends at a...
like, you know, where you go to just stand in line.
You literally stand in line.
At City Hall?
At City Hall.
And you get married, and it was, like, actually a really beautiful, wonderful experience,
because all these people in line, and some of them are pregnant, some of them are super old.
They're all kind of, like...
They all kind of had these things, like, everybody clearly on the street,
and the guy who married us, the magistrate guy, I don't know what you call him,
it was probably, like, the 30th wedding he turned,
but he was so, like, warm, and he seemed genuinely happy and joyous,
and it was such a wonderful...
And then after that, we went home and watched four weddings at a funeral, you know, like,
it was a good day, you know?
I'm sorry, I couldn't get over the insensitivity.
You don't know if he's called the magistrate.
Like, can't you be a little more politically correct?
No, I thought that would be funny.
After the eight-headed guy thing.
So we did that, and then we had a Muslim wedding,
and then we had how many, and then we've had three weddings,
and then the third one actually was not even...
But then you have to have a funeral.
Well, that'll come.
Thanks for the reality check, bro.
I'm jealous. I love weddings.
Well, what's interesting was...
So many weddings.
I'm gonna convert to Muslim.
To Muslim. Oh, my God, I'm so sorry, to Islam. I'm a little drunk.
I don't know, that's kind of a sinking ship right now.
Not many people.
Once Mike Tyson got on there, we were like, alright, we're out.
What was your third wedding?
The third wedding, actually, so we were married,
but we hadn't told anybody, and then one weekend,
we just moved in New York, we just told our friends,
like, hey, we're gonna go get married this weekend, and what we did was,
we stayed at home, and we turned off our phones, and we...
Let's get Emily Andrews.
Emily!
Emily Gordon, everybody.
Hi!
First off, we've never told anybody that we were married in secret.
It could not matter less now.
It could, that's a good point.
It's been a long time, and you know what, no secrets anymore.
No secrets, you guys. We were married for like a year and a half
before anybody... Before he told anybody.
Yeah.
I highly recommend it, because you don't get people being like,
oh, you guys are newlyweds, isn't that weird for you?
Well, people still do that, and you're like, fuck you.
You don't know how dumb that is.
Which, honestly, for us, we've been living together for so long,
that getting married wasn't really a big difference.
Yeah, that's the real truth, is that once you live with someone...
How old was that, 20 or 29?
I think that should be the new definition of marriage.
Grant, this is very L.A. of me to say, because we live out here
in this culture where people come out here to pursue their dreams.
Dreams don't come true, so people get married out here
when they're 40 and they have kids when they're 50.
That's exactly right.
As such, I married Schrab and Kate,
and they had been together for so long,
and living together for so long before it,
that your first question is, what's the point of getting married?
And then your second question is, what could be more romantic
than the decision to get married by two people
who don't have anything to gain or lose by getting married?
And I think that we have to move forward into a society...
Oh, we have to.
It's a high-stakes game.
We also probably have to stop making lasers that destroy the earth,
but we'll get around to this.
No, look it up.
We have to move into a world where marriage
is no longer looked at as moving across a threshold,
like a thing that has to be done where you're like,
I wonder what it's going to be like after that,
because the answer is, it's going to be the same.
So if more of this for 30 years isn't your cup of tea,
don't marry this person.
For us, for me, it was a very romantic thing
because it's literally just saying to the world,
like, I'm going to be with this person forever.
And it was a very romantic.
And even though we've been married three times,
I never actually got to propose to you,
so I never got to.
Are you crying something?
No, no, no.
Emily, will you marry me?
I will.
Faith.
We did it.
Forgiveness.
It took us 50 episodes.
Destiny.
Piveness.
Emily Gordon, everybody.
Destiny.
Devotion.
Fourth wedding.
The right way to put it, I thought, was when I asked Schrabb,
why is he marrying Kate?
He said, to paraphrase him, I ran out of ways
to make it clear how much I love this person,
which is, I think that's the right way to go.
Don't marry him until it's absolutely the only thing left.
Oh, yeah, yeah.
Forgiveness.
Vacuum.
Poobase.
All right, let's, come on.
We got a time pause.
Let's keep this train going.
Spencer after the stage.
You don't usually see a proposal after the wedding,
but you never see a proposal after three weddings.
Yeah.
Spencer Crinton, everybody.
Welcome to the stage.
Hey, hey, hey.
Oh, shit.
What?
Spencer, what's new in your life since we saw you last?
I told you guys, I've been listening to that song,
Stepping Out by Joe Jackson.
And I was unable to download it in time for showtime tonight.
Yeah, but I really appreciate the thought.
How does that one go?
Can you sing a bit for us?
Yeah.
Bring.
Are there words?
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
How do the words go?
Now, the mist across the window blocks the light,
but nothing hides the color of the lights that shine.
If that shit is not on Tumblr in the next hour,
I'm going to be very disappointed.
I want full animated, fully recreated music video.
I want to hear a mashup between Enigma's Return to Innocence
and Joe Jackson's Stepping Out.
Do you guys remember that we listened to that
and other Enigma songs on the way to Medieval Times on repeat?
Yeah.
It's down, I'm sorry.
What is the deal with Enigma?
Like, is it one guy?
Is it 100?
It could be anything.
It's at least two guys.
It's one guy, one cave, 40 mics.
It sounds like it could be either white or they...
You could put Enigma and Enya in a line-up
and I wouldn't know what was going on.
Also, they had that song that's ubiquitous,
like, whenever anybody, like...
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
The sadness...
I tried to do an impression of it.
Yeah, it was Sadness Part One.
Sadness Part One, which is the cockiest name to a song ever.
There will be more.
Anytime, anyone who was doing anything,
involving gauze, candles, duvetine, and S&M,
like, in any HBO show.
It's like Chris de Burgh's song,
a lady in red,
The Beginning.
Whenever I hear Enigma, I picture those moles
who have never seen light
in the Battle of Feet.
They have no idea.
They're blind moles.
I picture a kid eating mango for the first time.
What a beautiful...
I picture my mom's pussy, but...
But in a good way?
Full disclosure, like, I picture that also,
like, when I hear a variety of songs,
like, especially, like, the Rocky theme.
His mom's pussy is a staircase.
It's specifically, yeah, it's a marble staircase.
In Philadelphia.
Spencer!
Hey, guys.
Alright, well, let's get these out.
What, are you gonna say something?
I was just gonna say, I actually...
This is terrible, and I...
I am terrible.
You picture my mom's pussy when blah, blah, blah, yeah?
Yeah, yeah, no, but...
Do you actually know what your mom's pussy looks like?
A marble staircase, right?
If anybody should.
That's what he said, I thought.
That is what he said.
Okay, listening skills.
See, I'm listening to you, Dan.
Thanks.
I was just... I didn't write an intro sequence,
so, I mean, I wrote...
Yeah, I can try.
I didn't... I mean, I distinctly remember
you holding a dragon's dick open
so that arrows can be shot.
Well, then after that, I've already chopped the dick off,
and I kind of called dibs on it, and it's in my bag.
Yeah, yeah, I remember that, yeah, definitely.
I remember that...
Why don't you just freestyle one?
For better or for worse?
No right or wrong answers.
Do you want to get the character she's passed out as we do this?
I mean, yeah, yeah.
Were you just listening to that song in lieu of...
I know this is on Orthodox,
but can I have Genevieve be my advisor on this?
Similar to a nerd war?
Yeah, or nerd off.
Nerd off.
You guys haven't seen King and the Nerds.
Check it out.
So, I am a lady with arrows.
Can I bring Celeste up to help me out right now, please?
She's off spending a hundred grand on...
Alright, Suspenser.
Oh, whoa, whoa, whoa.
You're spilling.
She just keeps doing it.
She's like a Ronan Martin's laughing character.
How many people are going to get that reference here?
Yeah, okay, super nerdy.
Fun fact, do that this morning with a cup of water as I woke up.
When it keeps falling out of your cup, that's God saying,
stop drinking.
Does it need it?
It counts with water, though, too.
It's like stop drinking water.
It's just a general sign.
Yeah, but nobody spills two glasses of water.
A doctor told me when I was eight years old that I had a problem with my ears
that made me cry.
Did he really say that?
Yeah, I had a doctor who diagnosed me with a severe ear imbalance,
which meant that I couldn't measure space.
How convenient.
Yeah, exactly.
And then my mother told me later that she told him to tell me that.
Oh!
You did it!
On that jerk note, let's enter the cave of Dungeons & Dragons.
Oh, my God.
On a rare, unwritten freestyle moment,
50 episodes anniversary of...
That's not anniversary, it's just 50 episodes of that.
Last time, our heroes were scouring the depths of the ruins of Merchul
on the far away plain of Twyla, the twilight forest.
After opening a large chambered door, they entered a treasure room
that appeared to house several treasures.
And perhaps the fabled soul of growth that they had been seeking so earnestly.
It was just then they heard a voice echo throughout the chamber
that they saw a dragon come into view and immediately began combating it.
After a time, they had thought they had gotten the upper hand on the dragon
after paralyzing its dick and doing other things to its dick.
Together, the group shot arrows at the dragon,
and commanded magical scorpions.
Sharpie tried to get it to fall over laughing, but that didn't go so well.
Grasping its dick firmly, Quark tried to get more into fire arrows
directly into the beast's urethra, but that failed as well.
Grasping a bear track, Chris de Burgh managed to snap off the tip of the dick
with his trusty trapsman skills.
After which, Sharpie cast jump on himself, leaping cinematically onto the back of the beast.
Throwing his flaming sword towards the wizard, Sharpie reared back
and stabbed it directly into the beast's back, killing it in the last blow.
The group stood around to survey the corpse and the treasures they had unlocked.
Wow! You don't ever need to write one.
I think I still will. I didn't feel comfortable with that.
They call that crossing the Harmon threshold. You just find out, I don't need to do anything.
Well, that was my, like, not wanting to write.
Yeah, but you graduated pretty soon. You'll be taking baths instead of showers.
Alright, so once again, reminders of our immediate surroundings, please.
So you were in that room, there was like a big staircase that led up to where all the treasure was,
but there was a huge crack. That's where the dragon came out of,
and you were before the dragon, you were going to climb up there with rope.
But now he's dead, so like, you don't have anything threatening you,
and so you can look around or whatever.
There's two statues, right?
There was this two giant statues, yeah, this point, no, there was three actually,
and one of the arms fell off because you tried to climb the statues silently, Mulraine,
and it knocked off its arm because, yeah, because it was made of vodka.
She spilled the arm.
It's like chunking goodies, just anything.
Hold this map.
I am like chunking, sweetie. True. Whose turn is that?
At this point, we're not in combat time, so you guys can just do whatever you want.
I start a party. Yeah.
I mean, you guys just killed a dragon.
Dragon dick party!
It's my dragon dick, there's a $10 cover.
This is Per Genevieve's recommendation, which is so good.
Can I cut off the dragon's horn?
Yeah, yeah, definitely. It actually has two horns.
Can I cut off both of them?
I put my swords on my legs and on my arms, and I do like a slide.
Is that a thing?
She spills the knives to the floor.
Oh, the way that you're looking at me, Dan. I'm sorry.
You put swords at night on your arms?
They're double-bladed.
On my legs, and I get at the forehead, and I slide down, like, spread eagle.
Don't try to cut off the dick, I already did it.
No, I don't get it.
Yeah, yes.
Like a scissors?
Like a cutting kick.
Why are you trying to saw it off?
I mean, women are different because women have more strength in their legs
than they do on their arms, so it's more at the top of my mind than my arms.
So I put blades, can I put my, how many swords do I have?
A thousand?
You have a long sword.
You have one long sword.
Okay.
But you tied to your foot.
Do you want my rope? I have rope.
I've got, like, three swords.
I tie all of my swords to Mulraine, so she's good.
I tie a dragon's dick to her thigh.
It's like Jet Poet Society, everyone's just giving her swords.
Okay, so Spencer, my idea is that I have a sword tied to my left calf,
and a sword tied to my right calf.
Where's the dick?
The dick is on my head, like a top hat.
Like an Abraham, like a top hat.
Like a bachelorette party?
Like a Dr. Seuss, like a rave hat.
Yes, like the shortest marriage bachelorette party ever.
I have a giant dick attached to my head, and I put out my legs,
and I slide down to cut the horns off at the same time.
It feels like there's a more efficient way to achieve this.
Hey, hey, hey, Chris, Chris.
But it's one move, but it's not about efficiency.
I'm trying to do it, I'm trying to do it in one move.
This is about having a party.
No, it's not. I'm trying to do it in one move.
Is there a difference?
Get both of the horns in one move?
Yeah.
Okay, see, now this makes slightly more sense.
I hear you, I hear you.
Do you think I want to get them at the same time?
Yeah, yeah.
And my arms are just strong if I put them on my legs.
Aren't the pines like different turns?
What's up?
I mean, like I said, you're not really in combat time.
You guys can do whatever.
Yeah, so the whatever you want to do is be awesome.
Yes, you're tight.
I want to go with Chris de Burgh.
I want to transcribe as much of this blood spellbook as possible.
You want to study this book?
Yeah.
All right.
Or Genevieve suggested a sword cartwheel, if that's a possibility.
A sword cartwheel.
Either way, either way, legs, cartwheels, ropes.
I mean, it's true to my own spirit if I just slide down with the two.
Huddling together, Chris de Burgh and Sharpie pour over the book,
trying to study while Mulraine ties blades to her legs.
Hey, what's she trying to do?
It doesn't matter.
Read, read.
All right.
So I read the book.
Okay.
You guys are reading the book.
I get naked while this is happening.
Walk up to the top of the steps of my lute and lay down and kind of like a Greek,
like urn pose, like just nude on my side.
And watching them read the book and watching Mulraine tie soristers,
I just start like serenading the whole thing.
Well, actually, your serenade is so powerful that everyone stops what they're doing
and is paying attention to your sermon.
Wow, what is this?
It's not a sermon.
Oh, the dragon's dick is severed.
Okay, guys, go ahead.
No, I'm sorry.
Do what you were doing.
Did you ask what they were saying?
I was just quietly being nude and playing my lute.
You're not being quiet and playing the lute.
There's no...
Okay, I play the lady in red a song that nobody will notice.
Mulraine climbs to the top of the dragon and doing the maneuver she had mentioned earlier,
which is still not fully understanding.
Manages to not...
It's very awkward and strange.
Arms are used for doing things.
Legs are used for moving people around.
No, legs are...
I take the dragon dick back.
Legs are strong.
They can be strong, but they're not...
Ladies, legs are strong.
They don't handle swords.
Thank you.
They don't...
All swords attached to her thighs.
I take the dragon dick back.
I take the dragon dick back from the head,
because I think it's going to get injured.
Yeah, yeah.
Well, that happens.
But, I mean, you jump on and you do your thing,
and that knocks the horns off.
Yeah, fuck you.
You realized that...
Or, I mean, you didn't realize.
You always knew that dragon horns are quite magical.
Fuck you, dragon.
It's fine, fuck everybody.
I don't care.
I do, yeah, that's true.
I don't know.
I do feel like after this experience,
I have to go home and think about physics a little bit more.
Yeah, I honestly...
That was the first thing I thought about.
Yeah, I like the physics stuff in my head.
I mean, wolves' jaws are strong.
You don't use them to, you know, lift up a manhole cover.
Well, I just know that my legs are stronger than my arms,
and I wanted to cut off both of the dragon's horns.
And that is what I...
That's what I did.
Are we still reading the blood book?
Yeah, you guys are reading.
It's actually going to take some hours.
I mean, but yeah.
But you're working on it.
Well, it's like we have hours.
We take those hours.
Yeah, definitely.
I mean, it seems like that dragon thing took hours, right?
It didn't take hours.
In combat time, that probably...
I mean, in actual, like, time-time,
it probably maybe took, like,
probably not even 10 minutes.
I just wanted to do it, and you wanted to find out
the logistics of it.
It's not my fault.
Nothing matters.
Producers.
I'm not here to make friends!
Woo!
Just kidding.
I'm only here to make friends.
But yeah, so you guys are studying.
You're up there.
I mean, you're in a room full of treasure.
Okay.
I examine the treasure.
I...
Because they're all fucking about doing book reading
and dragon slicing,
I go try to get my grubby little fingers in the...
Are you still naked?
I'm still naked.
It's important.
You know, it's weird,
and D&D people often get naked.
Yeah.
Like, not even for any reason,
other than to not have clothes.
But anyway, you open a treasure chest.
I feel like the overlap of people who play D&D
and who get to get naked around other people
is maybe not as huge.
That's true.
It's, uh, it's wishful-filled.
So, in the nude, I...
And no one laughed at me.
Is the unspoken...
Wishful-fillment.
Yeah, that's the unspoken part after everything.
Let's all literally get naked right now, everybody.
I'm in.
Whoa!
Alright, so I examine the treasure.
You examine the treasure.
I said you're opening a treasure chest.
The small chest opens with a soft click.
On the soft plush interior,
you see four identical silver rings.
A small inscription reads,
Ring of Armor.
Hmm.
I put it on.
You feel as if you have, you know,
you're stronger at walking attacks.
That's one of them?
One of them says Ring of Armor?
They all say, oh, I mean,
one inscription on the entire box.
I first of all, before I put that on,
I read all of the names off.
So, Ring of Armor.
Ring of Armor.
The other one?
They're all the same.
Oh, they're all Ring of Armor?
They're all Rings of Armor.
I take one Ring of Armor and I put it on,
and I look down at the two guys reading books,
and Mulraine, Slice and Dragon,
horns off with their calves.
And I grab everybody,
and I throw them in a perfect throw.
They all, and I go, hey, everybody,
stick a finger in the air.
And then I do a little pirouette,
and I cascade them down,
and they perfectly land down
on each of their fingers.
Yeah, one of them does.
The other two.
It's not what I said, Spencer.
I said it first.
Fuck you, dude.
Why don't you just hand them to us?
Now we have to go around looking for a ring.
Why don't you just saw off a dragon's horn?
I'm not making a big thing about it.
Oh, God.
Because I could do it in one swipe.
I know, I was inspired by you, Mulraine.
I saw her doing it fancy.
I think I heard it going here.
I think it's around here.
Okay, so, so one lands on who?
The coomail gets it.
The other two falls on me.
Who's coomail?
That's awesome.
No one's ever done that to me.
Extra points.
Yeah.
You gained 300 experience.
Wow.
That's true.
You can take that to the bank.
What's a bank?
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
I've never heard of that.
Sharpie, sharpie gets one.
Just don't mean a money changer.
Can we bend over just to pick up the ring?
Dwarves are celebrated bankers.
Yeah, yeah, you do.
All right, so we bend over and I pick up the ring.
People have rings now.
I pretend that I caught it with my finger.
Thank you, Mulraine.
I guess I could just read off other treasures if you want to just look for treasure.
We're still reading the book, right?
That's true, yeah, other than you caught the ring.
Okay, I fashion a cart and pretend it's sharpie a drop and I just start running around our
super market sweep.
I just start super market sweeping it around the treasure chamber.
Okay.
I tied two carts to my legs.
It's going to slow you down though.
Sorry, thank you.
You find a magical liar of building.
I put that in the cart.
The magical liar of building?
A building, like a small liar.
Like a musical instrument.
Yeah.
Okay, what's in my bag of holding?
Most of your stuff.
Dungeon snap.
No, that's just how it works.
They hold a lot of stuff, so it's just most of your stuff's in it.
Well, do you have any idea how much more shit I can put in it?
A fair amount.
I'd say it's less than half full.
All right, well, I hand that off before I resume blood magic research.
I give it to Peabody over there and say, hey, fill this up.
Who's Peabody?
My friend.
My lifelong friend.
Quark.
I'm Peabody?
Huh.
It's my nickname.
You're Peabody?
Yeah.
I also attempt to call him Peabody in order to affect more...
Hey, Peabody.
What is it, snickerdoodles?
That's not...
Call me Chris de Burgh.
In full.
What is it, Chris de Burgh?
Peabody also do what you're doing for a quart.
Only my friends can call me Peabody.
And you know what?
Okay, Peabody.
You're my friend.
I knew it.
All right, so I do what he said.
That was heartwarming.
It really was.
I'm happy.
You also find the goggles of minute seeing.
Like binoculars?
Well, no.
I mean, they're like little goggles that strap on your head.
They just see sand.
I mean, you don't know what they just see until you put them on.
I'm small. Can I have those?
I don't want those.
I don't want to crawl to the halls and do minute seeing.
Yeah, I don't want that shit.
Okay.
All right.
Can I inspect magic on the dragon's horns?
Yeah, they're intensely magical and you feel as if they can be used to power up spells
or maybe make magical items or potions.
Can I use that on the magic penis to see if it has anything?
Wait, use what?
Whatever she used on the horns to find out how good they are?
Oh, yeah, you didn't detect magic.
You just know that.
I'm sorry.
Yeah, you can't detect magic, but yeah.
Sorry.
So you can do that on the penis and that is also magical and less so than the horn,
but still magical.
Fuck!
So it's less magical plus I have to hold a penis.
Yeah.
And it's pretty hefty.
This is a heavy penis.
Yeah, it's a burden.
So as far as the spells go, I don't know what spells are available for these horns.
Can I use them to make everybody in the party like me a lot?
Well, you don't know.
You aren't actually like a proper wizard by today.
You're not a proper wizard.
Truth.
Dungeon Master.
So how do I figure out what they're doing?
I just said what I am.
That's not an insult.
But it's exciting.
No, it was awesome.
Okay, thanks guys.
Well, I was doing a bet.
I'm sorry guys.
I don't know what I can do with these horns.
You'd have to talk to a wise sage or someone who knows much about dragons.
Is that me?
No.
Hey, it's not me.
Would it be Sharpie or he's not a sage.
He's a mage.
Nah, you are a mage.
I mean, you know that.
I mean, I only know how to kill him.
Well, can I present the horns to Sharpie and maybe he'll have some ideas?
Yeah, definitely.
Sharpie, you actually know.
Oh, oh, I should mention this.
You all level up.
Yeah, I can't.
I didn't have a cute up.
But yeah, now that you're leveled up, you know, brew potion.
That's a feat you have now.
So you know that dragons horns can be used to make potions more, you know, powerful.
So like its effect would be heightened.
Okay.
So I present the horns to Sharpie.
Hey, we're trying to read here.
I'm just being a dick.
I go around Charles Charles Berg, Christopher, sorry, and I present my horns to Sharpie
and I say, I don't, I don't know what to do.
Do you know?
No.
I don't know what to do.
I'm such a dumb little archer.
I have no idea.
What the fuck is going on?
I immediately get an erection.
What is happening?
Is that weird?
So weird perversion of, you know, women think that men like dumb women.
No, speaking of Celeste's thing at the end of King of the Nerds.
Check it out guys.
Anyway, I'm doing a parody, but I, oh do do do.
Total turn on.
Okay.
All right.
Hey bro, you, bro.
I redo that.
Sharpie.
Yes.
I have in my possession two dragons horns.
Put them in one of the bags.
All right.
First of all, don't tell me what to do.
Okay.
Second of all, I'll put them in one of the, what did you say?
Bags.
Why?
Are you able to measure them?
Why is they contain things?
What the fuck?
But I want you to tell me, I want you to tell me what they can do.
I hear that you can tell me what they can do.
They make potions more strong.
I pretend to read the book and not listen to the fight.
All right.
Hold on.
Can I talk to your producer?
I'm flummoxed by something.
I want to stand atop the nearest mound of treasure and address my people.
You ascend a pile of 25,000 gold pieces.
Does anyone remember how we got here?
I remember.
Yes.
My dad needed something.
We wanted to get treasure and fortune.
We got it, I think.
No, we wanted to figure out what that soul thing was.
What was that thing?
The soul of growth.
You were looking for the soul of growth.
Yeah, that's true.
The soul of growth.
There was shards for a while.
What have we become?
Look at us.
It's like a Stephen King novel.
We are the monsters.
We are the dragons.
We've lost our minds.
I thought everybody was going cool until that you poochie poochie poochie poochie.
That was weird by any definition.
Yeah.
It's not weird because Sharpie and I have had a romantic relationship and maybe that's
our language.
Maybe that's how we express sexuality to each other.
It's not weird.
Sharpie didn't seem to be on board.
I'm fine with it.
You're right.
I'm just trying.
Let me try something else.
Hey, I'm quirk.
Are you interested in these horns?
Isn't he on top of the treasure pile now?
He's on top of the treasure pile.
He's up there.
Can we take all this treasure and bone the fuck out?
Yeah.
That's always been an option.
Let's get this loot and press forward.
The solo growth is not going to grow itself or soul.
What the hell did we do?
We wanted the solo growth.
What was the solo growth of the dragon?
I left you guys because you guys were digging about in the woods and I said I'm going to
go try to become a better person and I sought out after this thing.
Is this the place where the infinite fish landed?
Yeah.
We're not even on goddamn earth.
What are we doing with our lives?
We got eaten by a fish.
I have a script due.
That's long since gone.
We got dragon horns.
We got all the money we can carry.
Now you guys can read that book.
We can cast some spells.
It's been a good day.
It's been an okay day.
Who's got swords all over her legs?
Let's take stock.
Let's find the most likely exit and get down to biz.
The exit of the solo growth.
Then we have to exit the world that the infinite fish vomited and assigned to.
I just wanted to know what was in the horns.
If they make magic stronger, magic potion stronger.
That's a bigger fish.
Let's just leave this area.
Stop freaking out.
I'm sorry.
I'm having adventure phobia.
I'm starting to feel like I'm...
I pretend like I'm asleep.
Stop that.
I strike out in the direction...
There's a light source, right?
I'm either one who knows where the soul of growth is.
It's supposed to be in these ruins.
Guys, yeah?
Haven't we explored all the ruins yet?
No.
He's still treasure chopping.
Why do you pretend this is a wedding and go for it?
Where do we go?
We've got to go back up because we've fallen down, right?
I sent the staircase to look for a doorway.
You don't see a doorway.
However, you do see a massive sarcophagus surrounded by more treasure than you haven't picked up yet.
I opened the sarcophagus.
Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa.
Texas.
Jesus Christ.
There could be a giant fucking mummy in there.
We just killed the dragon.
We got horns.
We got potions.
None of that means that we want to fight a mummy now.
Okay, I examine the writing.
Is there any writing?
I should mention you're illiterate.
But yeah, there's no writing.
Ah, Jeff's nightmare.
Welcome to Jeff's nightmare.
Oh, it says no mummy here.
Say the word Jeff.
Jeff.
Who's Jeff?
No, no shit.
I pointedly clear my throat and pull out a pair of prop glasses that I keep on me and put them on.
And I examine the coffin.
Again, no writing.
What?
Do coffins normally have writing on them?
We're not coffin experts.
Do you serve a coffin guy?
I wouldn't know.
Hieroglyphs are technically writing.
What does this thing mean on it?
Woodstone obsidian?
I'd say obsidian.
Are there any other doorways in this room that we're in?
No.
There was the one you came in.
All right, well, let's open this.
I opened the coffin, the sarcophagus.
Opening the sarcophagus, you see a bizarre sight.
Resting in the coffin is a skeleton wrapped in plants.
God damn it.
Thin tendrils are wrapped around the body,
covering it in ivy leaves and small blossoms and flowers,
in all manner of strange foreign plants cover its body.
On the breast of the skeleton is a perfectly spherical amber orb.
You can see that inside the orb is a strange plant
that is changing states between seeds, seedlings,
tree and flower.
The inside of the orb is always shifting,
and if you touch it, you get the sense of vitality.
The salt of growth.
I literally got chills down my spine.
Just unironically excited.
Oh, stick or doodle.
Okay, that's not, it's not catching on.
Nobody's on board.
Okay, that's another whiff.
I say Sharpie.
You're kind of the Hannibal of this A-Team.
Why don't you go up there and play the right song
when I pick it up?
I pick it up.
You pick it up.
You feel nature's magnificence filling you.
It's obviously a powerful artifact.
You get the sense that it's the soul of growth or something.
It swirls like well water in my head.
But if I focus, I can feel it.
A million thoughts of a million people calling out.
Hi.
D&D Cliffhanger.
Thank you, Genevieve.
Thank you, Erin McGathy.
Kumail Nanjiani.
Spencer Crittin.
One more time.
We did it.
We found the soul of growth.
Yeah, we don't want to go down the road of picking and choosing,
but I'm going to say worst D&D chapter ever.
No, that was a shitfest.
Just by any metric.
If you measure it by how much we got done, zero.
Nothing.
We hung out.
We went shopping.
Nothing happened.
It was like watching, I imagine,
like watching Desperate Housewives or whatever you call it,
like the Real Housewives of Orange County or whatever.
Usually people say we look for treasure
and I say the names of the treasure
and people don't interrupt me
and I finish explaining all the treasure.
Oh, baby, I'm not, that's not a critique on you.
I know, no, I don't think it is.
It's a critique on us.
If you want more things to happen.
Oh, no, no, baby, baby.
That's not, that's not, everyone knows
that you're good at what you do.
I'm trying to help.
No, well, John, I mean, we're unhelpable.
We're the worst.
Sometimes we're just...
That was madness.
I still enjoy it, just to be clear for everyone.
I love this.
I think it's okay.
Like my friend Neil Goldman used to say on Community,
like, ah, a bad piece of pizza is still pizza.
Not so good to say.
You know, you read the Onion A.V. review,
and you go, eh, whatever.
Still an episode of Community.
Yeah, I mean, after playing D&D a million times,
I'm still intimidated.
I'm going to do something wrong in some way,
but it was still...
Well, I assume you're over that anxiety now.
I think we've all leapt headlong over that.
Well, no, I still feel like I'm going to fuck shit up.
Even when I do something bold, like open a sarcophagus,
everybody freaks out and tells me I'm a bad person.
That's just me.
I'm a chicken.
I just want to look at things.
Can I speak to that?
Is that you're from an age in which D&D was very much about torturing
players by the Dungeon Masters.
Like, you'd walk into the room and the door would eat you,
and if you kill the door, then the floor will try and strangle you.
And if you do that, there's a treasure chest,
and if you open that, it'll bite your face off.
Like, that's literally how it goes.
So it makes a lot of sense that your, like, style is very cautious.
Well, you're acting like it's like a generational thing.
It is.
No, no.
For 25 years, after the spin doctors, we started like...
You walk up to an owl bear, and you're like,
fuck you, what are you, an owl or a bear?
A lot of those monsters, like, there's a thing that was a tree stump
with a rabbit on it, but if you approached it, it would eat you.
Yeah, like, those got phased out because they weren't fun.
They were just tortures.
That's interesting.
I didn't know that.
Yeah, yeah.
So, like, Gary Gygax loved that shit.
So, but, I mean, as the game evolved, it got involved.
You know, I talked to him on the phone.
No.
Is he dead?
I think, yeah, he's dead.
He's...
Yeah.
I talked to him on the phone once.
Yeah, I...
Rob Schrab made a comic book called Skud the Disposable Assassin.
When I was...
It's great.
When I was your age, young man, we had a...
We did an issue, the comic book, that was, like, a special, like, Skud went to D&D World
for an issue, and we wanted to have the cover be, like...
And I had...
I talked to...
We were looking for a specific artist.
The guy was his name.
Teasley?
Beasley?
Easley.
Yeah.
We wanted to...
The old school, like, first edition Dungeon Masters guide.
Like, we wanted that style of oil painting for the cover of the thing.
And the only guy that had that guy's number was Gary Gygax, and I had to talk to him on
the phone and just talk to him for a little bit, and then I think he died a week later.
I don't know.
Also, you know who else died?
Kenwa Akibe.
Author.
Oh.
He's dead.
He's another guy that I've been bringing up lately.
Who should I bring up tonight, like, randomly?
I think half of the members of Enigma are gonna...
Are in trouble.
There's gonna be a weird, private jet crash.
Alright, so Harmon, 50...
50 podcast episodes of that.
50 podcast rap.
Oh, yeah?
Alright.
Which...
Which beat do you want?
Let's see, half-bounds...
Do the...
I don't know, man.
Yo, break down 50 episodes.
Fuck your mama so hard, I dropped a million loads.
Put my dick inside her pussy can chain.
I fucked your mama until she was lame.
Broke her left leg.
And her right leg, too.
Fucked your mama, and I came white blue.
Stuck her to the wall.
Mailed her to China.
Fucked your mama, and it couldn't be finer.
Fucked your mama on the Great Wall.
Fucked your mama with both balls.
Fucked your mama in all of Japan.
Fucked your mama so hard.
Fucked her hard as I can.
Fucked your mama in the ocean.
Fucked your mama in the sky.
Fucked your mama, and I don't know why.
Yes, I do.
I like to fuck her.
Fucked your mama like my name was Chris Tucker.
Mad TV.
Fucked your mama hard.
Fucked your mama like my dick was a shard of power.
Every hour.
Fucked your mama every minute like a flower.
Blooming from the dirt to the sky.
Fucked your mama in her thigh.
Between the two of her thighs.
In her pussy.
In her thighs.
Fucked your mama made her pregnant.
Fucked your mama, and I don't know.
Egg, egg, egg, egg, egg, egg, egg.
Eggnit, egg ingot, egg, egg, egg, egg, egg, egg, eggnog.
Fucked your mama and I made her pregnant.
Fucked your mama.
Segment, segment.
Segment.
Aw, 50 episode wrap.
50 episodes.
Fucked your mama and I made her pregnant.
Fucked your mama for a new segment called fucking your mama.
The way I do it.
Fucked your mama like my name was Ray Pruitt.
friend of ours it doesn't. Okay so that was a milestone because that was like
that was the that was the weakest reaction to a rap and also the best
I've ever rapped ever. That was the most incredible rap I've ever heard and I'm
mean which is good that's great that means that means you guys expect me to
rap that good keep it going stay in the zone then man stay in the zone we're
gonna end this thing. Oh 50 episodes fuck your mama on the shit fuck your mama like a pig and a cow
fuck your mama and I don't know how yes I do I'm gonna tell you right now fuck
your mama shit fuck speed the plow David Mammock hold on hold on hold on hold
on hold on fuck your mama in space and time fuck your mama with a little
squeeze of lime fuck your mama with licitra seed fuck your mama because
that's all I need I'm your daddy you're my son fuck your mama just for fun
left you behind with a rock I said lift it when you get old enough to put on
socks when you lifted it you found some shoes fuck your mama that's what we do
you gotta fuck your own mama now fuck your mama like a ox pulse plow fuck
your mama because my name's Ulysses but your mama I don't need shit break it
down wait wait to you feel it Vincent Price 50 episodes of a podcast like
creepy crawly spiders crawling on your skeleton so a million horrors in locked
in a thousand coffins meaning that each coffin has a thousand horrors in it the
distribution of horrors to coffins absolutely inefficient the island of
Cyprus never knew such horrible catastrophes he's rapping about fucking
on mama thank you Vincent
break down break down break down everybody's happened to break down break
down break down break it down build it up break it down build it up then break
it down break it up like a little town build it up from the street to the sky
but your mama hi thank you for coming to Harmon's town everybody 50 episodes can you believe it thank you
Genevieve Pearson for coming I think Chris Humford or whatever break down oh yeah
break down break Eric McCarthy Spencer Crittenden came out on Gianni I'm Jeff
Davis thank you everybody here at Nerdmelt
and you're gonna keep going you want to you want to walk up like Dan Harmon
everybody break down break down
yeah all right next week we'll get it
it's ten dollars
just really think about it